vgg13 0 adam no_bn no_aug
vgg13 0 adam no_bn aug
vgg13 0 adam bn no_aug
vgg13 0 adam bn aug
vgg13 0 adamw no_bn no_aug
vgg13 0 adamw no_bn aug
vgg13 0 adamw bn no_aug
vgg13 0 adamw bn aug
vgg13 1 adam no_bn no_aug
vgg13 1 adam no_bn aug
vgg13 1 adam bn no_aug
vgg13 1 adam bn aug
vgg13 1 adamw no_bn no_aug
vgg13 1 adamw no_bn aug
vgg13 1 adamw bn no_aug
vgg13 1 adamw bn aug
vgg13 2 adam no_bn no_aug
vgg13 2 adam no_bn aug
vgg13 2 adam bn no_aug
vgg13 2 adam bn aug
vgg13 2 adamw no_bn no_aug
vgg13 2 adamw no_bn aug
vgg13 2 adamw bn no_aug
vgg13 2 adamw bn aug
